let's make a very rich dessert that
let's elaborate with an ajillo to go to
be a chair filled with cake
Almendra Souza will bring cream from Iraq
and we are going to cover it with a reduction of
liquor coffee think you'll see what it is with
a kind of tiramisu filloa version
because it has a very rich flavor
that remembers a little bit that flavor of
coffee tiramisu and the first thing
we have to do is prepare our
filloa we have
and the dough prepared with milk and eggs
flour you can check the ingredients
remember that they are for four people and
once it is whipped and rested it is
mass what we are going to do is pour it
on the pan with the fire a little
high to get to do our
first filloa
we will leave
that set and then we turn it around
and let's leave it thickens a little
because we have it at very minimum fire and
this gives us time to do other things
we have the almond cake you know
What is a typical Santiago cake?
cake that we have here in galicia and that
it's so rich and that people like it
both use it for those desserts
express and what we are going to do is the
we have crumbled a little tense in the
we have removed a little piece of cake and
we have crumbled and we have left
made little friends to add a
small amount of coffee liqueur
small amount do not pass that
It is also not convenient to put a quantity
excessive alcohol and it remains a very
Strong is preferable to buy
accompany her after a shot of coffee
nice cool next to the pancake
we put that small amount of liquor
coffee and we're going to add the cream
the cream is already whipped cream
feiraco nata gallega and let's mix it
with our almond cake crumbs
soaked in coffee liqueur we are going to move a
bit
and we have our fill ready
for the chair
let's leave it here ready
we have the row to turn it around if
we make it to fire stronger you have to
go quickie and if we can not cook them to
very slow fire we turn it over or with
your hands or if you will not go through
turn by hand what we do is with
a slotted spoon with a tongue
we put in and we turn it around
we have our filloa we leave a
a little more
so that it has just been cooked and we had it
to a saucer
we have our filloa here and now there's
that fill it you know we can
fold it
that is, we can make a canutillo
with it we can fold it into triangles
or we can make packets in this case
what we are going to do is a little packet
let's put the prettiest side always
on the outside we are going to place the cream
mounted the cream that I have not told you
we have also put after mounting
a little icing sugar so it's
sweetest good we're going to fold
let's double this row already has the
cream filling with the cake of santiago
soaked with the coffee liqueur we make
a fold we can make a double is
lateral first we close first by the
sides and now we make a small
packet
we turn around we have here our
chair and now let's prepare
quickly a reduction of brown liquor
as we make it very simple we take the
pan we put the fire a little high
and we throw the coffee liquor
and a little sugar
I'm going to get alcohol very fast like that
that you have no problem
there is not going to be a thing a figure very
borracha vale is going to be left with that
puntito a liquor coffee but let's
get it reduced a lot
alcohol and that thick we are going to raise the
fire
you have to be careful that we do not know
burn but we are reducing to that
Caramelito is going to look like a candy
of coffee liqueur
You can use certain liquors to
make these accompaniments of the
desserts that were always a point a
little bit different and we also use
the liquors in the kitchen that is always
interesting that they are not relegated
always then to that shot to finish the
food but also have a presence
in the kitchen
let's do then finally the
Placed fixed how it is reduced
and it remains a sort of
coffee liqueur candy we let
temper a little bit of nothing and what
let's do to finish everything is
having a little bit of that idea of
tiramisu let's put a little bit of
cocoa powder
there we have it, you know some taps
to the colander and we already have that capita
cocoa this is pure cocoa would not bring
sugar or fat and finally our
candy
coffee liqueur
and you already have a dessert
easy to do and I'm sure it's going
to triumph in your guests